Enhance Codebase with AI-Powered Fixes, Improved UX, and Documentation Overhaul (#5)
michen00/invisible-squiggles: README.md

   - Press `Ctrl+Shift+P` to open the command palette.
   - Search for `Invisible Squiggles: Toggle Squiggles`.
   - This will toggle the squiggles' visibility on/off (transparent or restored).

2. **AI Fix Suggestions:**
   - Errors in TypeScript files will trigger an automatic AI suggestion, which will be displayed as an information message.
   - The AI suggestion can help fix issues detected in your code by providing recommended changes.

## 🔄 Similar Extensions
This extension is similar to [Disable Error and Warning Squiggles](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=modan.disable-error-squiggles) ([repo](https://github.com/danMoksh/disable-error-and-warning-squiggles)), but it **also hides info squiggles** in addition to errors and warnings and includes AI-powered fix suggestions.

## 🖥️ Demo
![Invisible Squiggles Demo](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/50bce932-ee6a-4422-88d1-a500b81eac57)

## 🛠️ Contributing
Contributions are welcome! To contribute:
1. **Fork** this repository.
2. **Create a new branch** for your feature or fix.
3. **Make your changes** and test them.
4. **Submit a Pull Request (PR)** with a description of your changes.

## 📜 License

> This project is licensed under the **MIT License**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project is licensed under the **BSD 3 License**.
```
